feat: [IDP-2063]: Initial draft for custom dashboard docs (#5447)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/custom-dashboards.md

---
title: Custom Dashboards

> description: Using custom dashboards to enhance developer experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Using Custom Dashboards to measure key IDP metrics around Software Catalog and Workflows
```

sidebar_position: 120
---

## Introduction

> Custom Dashboards are a Harness Platform Feature, that allows you to key metrics and data related to your module. You can customize the dashboards to show specific metrics and data relevant to your needs, and access them from a central location. The Harness Dashboards provide actionable insights out of your IDP, so you can enable good developer experience in your org. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboards is a Harness Platform Feature, that allows you to visualize key metrics and data related to your module. You can customize the dashboards to show specific metrics and data relevant to your needs, and access them from a central location. The Harness Dashboards provide actionable insights out of your IDP, so you can enable good developer experience in your org. Dashboards also allow you to setup scheduled delivery of reporting and alerts for your executives and stakeholders.
```

:::info

- You can create custom dashboards at the **account** scope only.
- Make sure you have the `Manage` permissions for **Dashboards** to create, edit, and delete custom dashboards.
- Make sure you have the `View` permissions for **Dashboards** to view the custom dashboards.

:::

## Navigate to Dashboards

To view and access dashboards, select **DASHBOARDS** from the left navigation in your Harness account. You can filter the data on the dashboards for IDP module by selecting the module name from the top of the page. 

> #### Present Left Nav

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Old Left Nav
```

Think it's called Old now

![](./static/old-nav.png)

#### New Left Nav

![](./static/new-nav.png)

### Out of the Box Dashboards

At present we provide 4 out of the box dashboards for IDP. 

1. Dashboard describing the state of catalog, which includes, Number of registered entities, catalog kind and type. 

![](./static/catalog-dashboard.png)

2. Dashboard describing the plugins details.

![](./static/plugins-dashboard.png)

3. Dashboard with overview of all the scorecards and their respective checks. 

![](./static/scorecards-dashboard.png)

4. Dashboard describing the Workflow Execution details

![](./static/workflows-dashboard.png)

> ## Create Dashboard

Reviewer: IMO showing an example of at least one IDP dashboard here will be useful.

Author: We can add examples it once it's available now it's just limited to looker. Now we can't add any dashboards.
